Speaker 00 [00:00]: Do you want to share with everyone a little bit about yourself?

Speaker 01 [00:04]: Okay. Thank you, Linh. Thank you for the opportunity to be here. It's been great. My name is Dr. Adeva Sankuni, the CEO of ASK HRD Malaysia. I am based in Kuala Lumpur. Our nature of business is about learning and development, and we've been in the business for the past 9 years. So we are located in Kuala Lumpur. So that's what we do. We train people every day in various kinds of topics. I personally do mental health. I do a lot of profiling, management profiling, executive profiling. I do a lot of human resources, industrial law, and strategic management.

Speaker 00 [00:48]: But yeah, we really want to know and curious as well about what was actually like before you coming to us and you started working with us. How was it?

Speaker 01 [00:57]: I have tried management systems system or sales management system, 3 to be precise. And none of them work because the journey on, because we are into client relations, we meet clients and we talk to clients and we couldn't keep the record. Our important database are lost. I lost a lot of resources of income because people manipulate. People around us are like that. They like to say they have done a lot. By the end of the day, the results showing negative or you're not reaching the proper target. Then I found, I saw your social media presence and we, when we launched Rework, our work in the office becomes so systematic. Result is, I won't say it's result, it's the evidence of our work is written so correctly and nobody is faking the report. That's important in the management. So it's transparency. That's the best part about this product. Rework is a good system, and disciplinary-wise, if you use it wisely and maximize, Rework can tell you whether you'll make it or not. What I like about your team is the way you assist, your hands-on assisting and real-time assistance given, and there's no confusion.

Speaker 00 [02:21]: Is there anything, you know, is there any favorite feature, favorite moment, you know, in building the system or working with Rework that you remember the most?

Speaker 01 [02:31]: It's just that the fluency. You didn't put a fear on us, oh, be careful with the system, you know. You said try it, go and press all the buttons you want, you know, to see how it works. Yeah, best moment of, of we is when we— you launched us, you launched— when we give you the data, you launch the database that shows Our work was not efficient. Now I'm able to gauge my month-end sales by looking at the pipelines. So my accounts can gauge, okay, we're going to get this XYZ amount and we may miss it by 10%. The losing of last-minute sales on the pipeline, lost or won, is less than 10%.

Speaker 00 [03:12]: If you would recommend it to maybe in similar businesses, like with the same business model or in the same industry, do you think Rework would be a great fit for them?

Speaker 01 [03:27]: I give 10 to 10. I mean, I've been talking to many of my fellow partners in Malaysia and even in Singapore. I would highly recommend people who are in the client relation business. If you wanted to maintain a very strong client database, genuine client database, accurate database, and people work with the database. I think Rework is one of the best.

Speaker 00 [03:50]: That should be everything for the short interview.

Speaker 01 [03:52]: Pleasure talking to you.

Speaker 00 [03:53]: Thank you so much, Doc. Yes, thank you so much too.