Speaker 00 [00:01]: Thank you, Tin, for showing up at our interview today. So let's start. First question, can you tell us about you, your role, and the company Tri Motors?

Speaker 01 [00:12]: To you, Linh, I am Tin Talguier. I'm working as the marketing manager for Tri Motors Technology Corporation. So Tri Motors is the exclusive distributor of Bajaj 3-wheelers in the Philippines. So we're selling products such as Bajaj RE, Bajaj Maxima Z, and Bajaj Maxima Cargo. So as the marketing manager, my objective really is for our team, for leads management team, is to optimize and scale up how we produce the leads. So from inquiries into sales. So the main reason why we choose or I choose Rework is that it offers the solution that we need in leads management at an acceptable price. My team usually used to do manual transfers or inputs of information from one tab to another or through Excel sheet, so they are more focused on manual tasks initially. The reports are a bit, you know, tedious to generate, and lastly, can't really determine which of the people or which of the team members performed better from last month to this month. So that's basically what we are doing before we use Rework.

Speaker 00 [01:31]: Yes, I see, I see. After you chose Rework, how did the onboarding go for you?

Speaker 01 [01:37]: Well, actually, in the first phase of onboarding, initially it's a bit tough for the team. Because we are really not familiar with how the interface or user interface of Rework, but with the help of, of course, with the help of Rework's customer success, it became smooth after the 2 months of onboarding and going live.

Speaker 00 [02:01]: So what changed and what are the results that you are proud of?

Speaker 01 [02:04]: For a time span of 2 months onboarding in Rework, the team really scaled up their performance. So we are converting leads from inquiries into applications. We did 27 applications in May. In July, we scaled up to 78 applications. So that's basically 180% increase from May to July.

Speaker 00 [02:33]: Wow.

Speaker 01 [02:33]: Our actual sales, we also scaled up. So in May, we did 9. July, we already did 13. Also on the side of how we do things, from Google Sheets and multiple apps to an all-in-one hub that provides us real-time reports so my team can focus on the most important task, which is closing customers from inquiries into sales.

Speaker 00 [02:59]: Throughout the entire process and also while using Rework, is there any favorite moment or favorite Rework feature that you would like to share with everyone?

Speaker 01 [03:09]: My favorite is the real-time reporting, plus we really appreciate the leads funnel. So the leads funnel, we can actually see and go back to the customers who we can convert along the way.

Speaker 00 [03:27]: I see, I see. So it's mostly about how WeWork helps you to capture the status throughout the lead Yeah. Who do you think would benefit from Rework?

Speaker 01 [03:39]: Marketing managers who would like to scale their leads management team can benefit from Rework, and those who would really like to see concrete evidence of, you know, marketing tagging from inquiries coming from the Meta ads into sales conversion.

Speaker 00 [04:00]: Yeah, I think that's such a great sharing and insight from you as the marketing manager from Tri Motors. and really appreciate that. Yes, thank you so much, Tien, for joining with us.

Speaker 01 [04:11]: Thank you, thank you, Linh.