Speaker 00 [00:00]: Hello, Happy. Welcome to this interview with Rework. To start with, can you introduce a bit about yourself and KLBP Investments?

Speaker 01 [00:10]: My name is Happy Mutanaka. I work for KLBP Investments. My role in the company is to handle all the digital infrastructures and basically just the application of digital solutions to be able to assist our company function. We are a turnkey projects company. Our main business is property development. Some of our largest projects include the construction of RTP, or Reconstruction and Development Program, housing for underprivileged people in different parts of South Africa.

Speaker 00 [00:48]: Before you started using Rework almost 2 years ago, how was the work life for you back then?

Speaker 01 [00:53]: So most of our workflows were running through your traditional programs, Excel sheets and workbooks, databases, you know, Microsoft Word. Our information was so scattered. When you're looking for certain documents, you have to remember which WhatsApp group they are in. Sometimes you find that some people have exited that group, and maybe that's the person that sent the document you're looking for. Then before WeWork, we had also tried, you know, a few other project management tools and so forth, but they didn't really, uh, Service the need or our need at that time. Something that needs to be done in the next 30 minutes, 30 minutes will turn into 2 hours and then to 4 hours, and then it's something that ultimately, you know, I didn't get approval today, so I'll try again tomorrow. So then it delays again, it delays again. Something that should have taken 30 minutes can end up taking 7 days or 10 days. Yeah, we still have a very long approval time, but compared to not putting it in Percentage to it, even up to about 60-70% of the time has been saved now because people, the workflow is in their eyes.

Speaker 00 [02:05]: So then when you switched to Rework, how was the onboarding process like for you?

Speaker 01 [02:12]: You made life quite easy for us in terms of number one, understanding the platform for what we want to use it for, but over and above that, what it can do for for us that we didn't know it can do. So there's been great onboarding process, also just the continuous development and working together. We have recently started using the application for the requests as well as the workflows. So we started with requests before, or a bit earlier. And so why we needed the requests first to start with is because when it's time to approve things or verify things before they get approved, you know, there's this time in between that I send a request and I send it to maybe the next person who's in the workflow of approval. It might take some time, or there's something they want to clarify and they don't get that to me in time, or I don't respond to them in time. And so approvals are held, and ultimately when the approvals are held, they affect the workflows for people on site who are doing other things in the company. So we needed something that can help us streamline seamlessly, make requests, have them validated, and then ultimately approved, and payments are made or stock is released, material is released to people on site to start working through you know, the top cards, and it can easily be verified, validated, and passed on to the next person.

Speaker 00 [03:47]: Yeah.

Speaker 01 [03:47]: And ultimately, you know, better efficiency in terms of getting things done ultimately.

Speaker 00 [03:53]: Yeah.

Speaker 01 [03:53]: So it's definitely cut our approval times and the need to reach out to many people to get an approval. And the project's application has been good to help us identify the different steps in the processes of the different milestones and the different reporting that we need to do for different clients or people in there. For example, I want to know what's happening with wall plates on a certain site. I don't have to call and send a WhatsApp or try and email or find someone. I can just simply log into the platform and the information is readily available to me. And if there are decisions that need to be taken, then decisions can be taken.

Speaker 00 [04:33]: Just to grab up what we've been talking about, you know, If you recommend Rework to anyone or to any business, what would you say to them?

Speaker 01 [04:44]: Oh man, you know, if you're looking for efficiency, if you're looking for streamlined workflows, if you're looking for a system that can assist with defining your business processes and getting things done, how your different departments contribute to different tasks, this is definitely the platform.

Speaker 00 [05:05]: Yeah. Thank you so much for all your kind words.