Speaker 00 [00:00]: So first, can you introduce a little bit about your name, your role, and also the university?



Speaker 01 [01:01]: Okay, sure. So I'm Goh, Goh Tian Hao, people call me Goh. I'm from Nilai University and I'm the digital channel manager. So my role is taking care of leads generation as well as all the social media postings.



Speaker 00 [03:41]: I see. And can you tell me a little bit about your university?



Speaker 01 [04:20]: Ngee Ann University is located in Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia. It's about 20 minutes away from KLIA Airport. So our university currently has about 700 over students attending our school. We have about 50 over programs from foundation to master's, even doctorate. Yes.



Speaker 00 [08:50]: I see, I see. Yeah, so let's talk a little bit about the Rework CRM. I know that before Rework, the team already using Salesforce. So what it looked like before Rework?



Speaker 01 [11:00]: Okay, so before Rework, we have— we subscribed to the, I think, the basic package of Salesforce. So It was very messy because very little user, number one. Okay, number two, everything has to be manually input, you know, including your leads and your contacts and everything and so on. So it's— Our team took a lot of time to update Salesforce at the same time. not updating it as well because, you know, due to the time constraint, tool, everything need to manually input. So sometimes they will tend to like, okay, you know, I wait for more contacts, more leads first, then only I put it in one shot, you know. So when that happens, some of the leads goes missing. Yeah.



Speaker 00 [20:21]: Oh, I see, I see.



Speaker 01 [20:40]: So I think among a lot of like software, what made you and also your team to rework Number one, okay, how we came across Rework is definitely from the social media post advertisement that we saw, right? So my boss was the one that noticed your advertisement, and then he forwarded it to me and asked me to find out more about this and see whether can we work with Rework. What are the main few reasons was because Number one, it was very, very competitive, the pricing, right? And also the features that was given is not like your competitors where, you know, you need to pay more to get this feature and get, you know, whatever things that you want. Overall, what we paid for is very, very good because we can have like 15 accounts compared to last time we only have 5 users. So this is the biggest changes of all.



Speaker 00 [32:10]: Yeah. Okay.



Speaker 01 [32:21]: More importantly, it's very— the support behind is fabulous.



Speaker 00 [33:21]: Okay, so talking a little bit about the onboarding, so how did the onboarding go?



Speaker 01 [34:20]: Oh, onboarding was very good. I remembered I mean, call us lucky or what, because so happened Esther was in town. So we had like, you know, a physical session of onboarding and also an online session by you, Tracy. I remembered our training also, if I'm not wrong, is 2 times instead of 1 time, because the first time a lot of us also couldn't understand. Then the second time, you know, you, you had the patience to go through with us once again. Yeah.



Speaker 00 [39:31]: Okay, so one more thing I'm also interested in, like what have been changed after you deploying rework system and any result that you feel proud of?



Speaker 01 [41:30]: Sure, no problem. So previously when we are working with Salesforce, everything takes so long time for the team and us to update because it was a basic package like I mentioned, only 3 to 5 users. So it's shared between every— my team that time was about 15 of us, so it's shared between 15 of them. So it takes— an update takes about, you know, from few hours cut short to, you know, minutes, and it's done right now. Even our admin saves a lot of time. You know, our admin has to generate reports from daily, month, and monthly— daily, weekly, and monthly. So Last time she has to use Salesforce. Okay. And then because of, like I mentioned, it's not very updated because some of our salespeople doesn't update the account properly, you know?



Speaker 00 [50:30]: Mm-hmm.



Speaker 01 [50:31]: So her numbers always doesn't tally. So every time she had to spend a few hours just to go through all the figures and make sure everything is right before submitting it. Now it's like all minutes and then she can come in smiling to my boss. Definitely you can trust the report already. So that part saves her a lot of time. So as for our management as well.



Speaker 00 [54:01]: Yeah, thank you very much. So based on like maybe a little bit on your personal sharing, any like favorite feature or moment when you're working with Rework and like training the system?



Speaker 01 [56:21]: Okay, there are of course there are moments and features. Features, what we love most is definitely the customizable of the whole application, you know, whether, whether Rework has it or not, they will find ways to fulfill it.



Speaker 00 [59:01]: Okay.



Speaker 01 [59:10]: Even the system is not available at that time, they will find a way to work around it and advise us or even come up with, with a solution for us. That is something that, that surprised me the most because Based on my experience, not only with Salesforce, only with, as well as your other competitors, we would not get that kind of support from your competitors. Okay? The only time we can get their support or get their attention is the, I would say, the month before renewal.



Speaker 00 [01:05:21]: Okay.



Speaker 01 [01:05:30]: Other than that, in between, you face any problem, you email them, you call them, there's no response at all. You know, but the one month before renewal, oh, they are so aggressive.



Speaker 00 [01:07:30]: Okay.



Speaker 01 [01:07:41]: Call you almost every day, ask you this and that, how happy are you and everything. But that's not the kind of support that we want. You see, we need the support as and when, like what WeWork is giving us, you know. I wouldn't say shame, but, you know, feel very awkward that, oh, I need this at this time, you know. I feel bad to send a message out because I know that the WeWork team is going to step in and do their work, you see. But it's already almost 11 PM, 12 AM, you know.



Speaker 00 [01:12:40]: Okay, so I think just one last question. Uh, yeah, so who would you recommend Rework to if you have like any like chances?



Speaker 01 [01:14:10]: Oh, definitely. Um, I would, I would recommend Rework to the whole, whole, I would say, corporate companies, the big, big or small skills company. It's definitely worth working around it. Even better if you can work with the whole, the whole rework system, you know, including their HR, including your other features instead of just, you know, sales and marketing. Companies that need support for, you know, especially people like, I wouldn't say the younger generations, But the older generation, the older companies, you know, where they're not very familiarized with all this technology, how to set up and everything, it's the best platform. Otherwise, you are paying for a system that you don't even know how to work on it.



Speaker 00 [01:23:00]: Okay, that's really great to hear from you. So it's also the last question for today. Thank you very much for joining in the Rework Customer Spotlight and have a great day.





----

